# NAEMNIK
Source Dayz Cheat EXTERNAL
Game Description​
DayZ is a multiplayer game that takes the form of an open world survival horror video game. The player assumes the role of a character who wakes up on the shoreline of an unknown island named Chernarus, every other person being either dead or missing. DayZ is described by its creator as "an extreme survival simulator" and players must fight against hunger, thirst and lack of sleep while avoiding direct contact with zombies.The player starts with only their underclothes, a flashlight, and often sawn-off shotgun as they explore Chernarus; searching towns for supplies such as food or weapons such as guns. Food and water can be obtained by hunting humans, wolves or other animals. Water may also be obtained through rain or by filling water bottles from a spigot. To conserve ammunition (not necessary with an unlimited ammo DayZ hack muahaha), the player collects scrap metal and other items that can be used to create ammunition from them. Ammunition is crafted into such things as bullets, shotgun shells, and more advanced ammo like grenades or flares.

The player often faces many challenges that range from natural (snowstorms) to supernatural (zombies). The game's map design is based on real-world locations including coasts of Georgia in the United States and Eastern Europe. The player must also find and exploit anti-zombie features such as electric fences. DayZ's weather system is dynamic with rain and fog affecting visibility and the ability to see any infected within a certain range. There are many implementations of lighting such as from a flashlight to a gas lantern which affects the visibility of the player from a distance. The player may also take night vision or thermal scopes to aid their vision in low-light conditions. The game uses a chain-reaction system called "ammo infusion" where the firearms used will at times explode when shot at another player; this has been found to be a factor in player deaths due to PvP disputes. The game also puts an emphasis on stealth, where it is often beneficial to sneak up on zombies or other players and use an appropriate weapon such as a knife in unarmed combat. A possible reason for the emphasis on stealth is that the player will not be able to play more than one character, due to the single-player capacity of the game.

DayZ Hack Features​
Inside this hack there are many more features then just a ESP. There is also a cool function that you can activate so you have always daytime. The ESP comes with boxes, name ESP, snaplines, and also a fancy health bar. Inside the source code you can also see how the creator is communicating with the driver. Keep in mind that the driver is not included inside this project.

Sample code​
Here you can see how the author is using the driver to get the Entities etc... but in this DayZ hack repo there is not a driver included, that's your job :p . You can also see how he is using the world to screen function.
